hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film
none
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins in a grim looking abbey
in romania during the year 1952.
inside the abbey a young nun named
victoria is walking with an older nun in
a dark hallway
the older nun holds a lamp and a key
meanwhile victoria is in tears and seems
to be afraid
then the older nun proceeds to open a
wooden door at the end of the hallway
the wooden door has a sign that says god
ends here
as the older nun opens the door victoria
asks her if the relic can save them
in response the older nun looks back and
decisively tells victoria to have faith
after that the older nun proceeds to
enter the door
while victoria who is in tears proceeds
to kneel and pray in front of the door
in a few moments the older nun comes
back bloody and hands over the key
towards victoria
builder none proceeds to instruct
victoria that she must not let the demon
have her
suddenly something inside the door drags
back the older nun in an instant which
makes victoria scream in fear
immediately after victoria runs to a
room at the other end of the hallway and
closes the door
then she gets a rope and asks
forgiveness from god for the thing she
is about to do
after that she places the rope around
her neck as she holds the key tightly
then as she looks back she sees the
demon nun phallic coming slowly towards
her while the cross inverts
in the end she jumps with a rope in her
and hangs herself
a different time afterward a young man
named frenchie discovers victoria's
decaying body hanging in the abbey
in the next scene in the vatican
high-ranking officials of the church
informed father burke about the death of
victoria
they ordered father burke to investigate
the death of victoria
apparently the church considers the act
of suicide a grave sin after that they
give father burke the information about
the man who discovers the body of
victoria
also they assign a young nun named irene
to help him
after that father burke arrives at a
monastery
there he meets the young nun irene
he proceeds to inform irene about the
order of the church
in the next scene father burke and irene
arrive at frenchie's house
there they are able to meet frenchie who
seems to have naughty hormones as he
sees irene
then frenchie introduces himself to
irene by kissing her hands
however father burke introduces himself
as a priest and irene as a nun
after realizing that irene is a nun
frenchie apologizes to her for his nasty
thoughts
then father burke proceeds to ask
frenchie to take them to the abbey
however frenchie seems to be reluctant
to go there
then irene personally asks him to take
them there
this makes him smile and he immediately
accepts their request in the end he
takes them to the abbey using a carriage
later father burke and irene together
with frenchie arrive at the abbey
their father burke asks frenchie the
location of victoria's body
in response frenchie guides him towards
the ice house
in the ice house they witness the body
in a sitting position then father burke
inspects the body and he finds a key in
the hand of the body
after that they proceed to give a proper
burial to the body outside after the
burial the three of them proceed to
enter the abbey
they see that victoria's blood is still
there at the front of the abbey
inside as they walk past through a chair
irene notices a seemingly dark thing
behind the chair and she talks to her
apparently it is the abbess
then father burke sincerely talks to the
abbess about the case of victoria's
death
however the abbess tells them to come
back tomorrow to find answers since
there will be a vow of silence in the
abbey additionally the abbess tells them
to stay for a while in a lodging area at
the convent
after that father burke and irene
proceed to stay in the lodging area at
the convent
meanwhile frenchie heads back home and
passes through the forest in the forest
he encounters a ghost nun who appears to
be victoria so he proceeds to follow it
however as he follows the ghost none it
disappears
then in an instant the ghost nun falls
in front of him
this puts him in shock making him fall
to the ground
immediately the ghost none attacks him
as he falls to the ground
but he is able to escape when the ghost
none disappears
in the end frenchie takes a cross with
him and runs away
back to the convent irene reveals to
father burke that she had several
visions in the past
she adds that the thought mary points
that way remains in her during those
visions
in response father burke shares to her
that he also handles a boy named daniel
who has visions in the past
in the past he performed an exorcism on
daniel
he is able to cast out the demon that
possessed daniel
however daniel is severely wounded by
the exorcism and dies a few days later
it seems that father burke still feels
guilt in the incident as he shares the
story with irene
later that night a radio in the convent
suddenly plays then the music from the
radio wakes up father burke in his room
this makes father burke go outside to
check it then he points a flashlight to
the radio and suddenly the radio turns
off
after that he proceeds to check irene in
her room
while checking irene he sees a boy who
is running on the other door
then the boy runs outside
in response he follows the boy as he
follows the boy the boy looks back which
makes him recognize the boy
apparently the boy appears to be a ghost
of daniel
this makes him more eager to follow the
boy until he reaches the graveyard
outside
there he catches up to the boy as it
stops
suddenly a snake comes out from the boy
and attacks him
as he tries to run away he falls down
into a grave with a bell
then in an instant a demonic force
closes the grave
meanwhile irene is alone in the convent
walking with a lamp
then she finds a group of nuns who
appear to be having a ceremony
in front of the ceremony is a beheaded
statue of christ
at the same time a shadow of a nun goes
around the wall of the convent
in response she follows the shadow
suddenly the group of nuns disappears as
irene looks back
then in an instant the creepy face of
valak appears in front of her
after that she goes to the graveyard to
find father burke
there she is able to find the grave of
father burke
immediately she gets a shovel to dig the
grave
in the end she is able to save father
burke from the grave
the following day father burke and irene
go to the abbey
however only irene enters the abbey and
father burke is left at the entrance
inside the abbey sister wanna meets
irene
she shares with irene the history of the
abbey
she reveals that the abbey was built by
a duke during the middle ages
additionally the duke built the abbey to
open a portal from hell which lets an
evil creature walk on earth
however the catholics arrive at the
abbey to stop the duke then the catholic
successfully seals the portal using a
relic with the blood of jesus
after that the catholics occupy the
abbey to perform a perpetual prayer to
prevent evil from coming out of the
portal
unfortunately during the world war the
abbey is bombed which opens up the
portal again
after sharing the history of the abbey
she emotionally tells irene about the
creepy nun that appears in the abbey
she thinks that the creepy nun makes
victoria commit suicide
suddenly sister abigail tells irene that
it's time to leave the abbey
however the gate is already closed this
makes sister abigail let irene stay in a
room in the abbey
as irene goes towards her room a tear
falls from sister abigail as if
something bad is going to happen
meanwhile at the entrance of the abbey
the abbess tells father burke that irene
is lost
then the abbess head lies down making
her appear unconscious
this makes father burke open up the veil
however the moment he opens up the veil
the demonic hands of the abbas grab him
in response he grabs the demonic hands
and breaks them
after that the abbess disappears
back at the inside of the abbey irene
wakes up from a creepy dream
as she wakes up anonymous praying in
front of her
suddenly the nun disappears and balak
appears behind her
then she hears the voice of wanna
somewhere
in response she goes outside the room to
follow the voice in a few moments she
arrives at the wooden door that says god
ends here
then she witnesses valic emerge from the
wooden door
it seems that the ugly face of valik
terrifies her
suddenly valic attacks her and tries to
get the key however she is able to hold
the key and escape
in the hallway as she runs away from
valik a hand instantly grabs her
apparently it is one who grabs her
one who tells her to go to the chapel to
pray with the other nuns as she leaves
the face of wanna shows concern
as irene arrives at the chapel inside
the abbey she witnesses a nun praying
eagerly and a dead body covered with
cloth
she proceeds to remove the cloth which
puts her in shock the cloth reveals the
dead body of juana holding a cross
after that a group of nuns arrives and
starts to pray solidly
this makes her follow them and start
praying
suddenly a demonic force makes the nuns
fly away from her and beheads the statue
of christ the demonic force terrifies
her
but she holds into her faith and
proceeds to pray
while praying the demonic force
continues to attack her
in a few moments father burke and
frenchie arrive at the chapel
at their arrival the demonic force
disappears
then irene tells them about the group of
nuns performing a prayer
however as they look the group of nuns
disappears
apparently the group of nuns performing
the perpetual prayer is a vision of
irene
they realize that they are alone all
along in the abbey
then they proceed to check the dead body
at the end of the chapel
suddenly as they check it the dead body
becomes older at this moment they
realize that victoria is the last nun in
the abbey
additionally they realize that valic
aims to possess a soul to be able to
wander outside of the abbey
this makes them figure out that victoria
did not commit suicide but she
sacrificed herself to prevent valik from
possessing her
in the end he found the answers to their
question that is the place is no longer
holy
it seems that the film foreshadows the
unholiness of the abbey using the
imagery in the previous scenes like the
image of the inverted cross the beheaded
statue of christ and victoria's blood at
the front of the abbey
especially victoria's blood in the front
of the abbey seemingly marks the end of
the performance of the perpetual prayer
in the abbey
in the next scene the three of them
proceed to go towards the relic place in
order to get the relic that can close
the portal
however they cannot find the relic there
meanwhile father burke sees the hands of
mary's statue pointing towards something
this gives sense to irene's thoughts
during her visions that is mary points
that way
after that they use victoria's key to
open the place where the relic is
as they open the place they are
astonished by the relic
then father burke takes the relic and he
gives it to irene
after getting the relic they proceed
towards the wooden door that says god
ends here
then father burke opens up the wooden
door and goes inside
immediately irene and frenchy follow him
inside irene instructs them that they
need to find the portal
after that they walk separately to find
the portal
a demon can possibly attack them but
still they decide to search separately
which puts everything in suspense as
they walk in the hallways
then irene enters a room and steps on a
demon sign
slowly the demon sign lights up making
her scream
in response she tries to run away
however in front of her is a group of
demonic nuns with hidden faces
in the end the demonic nuns stop her
meanwhile frenchy tries to find irene
then he is able to figure out that she
is in a room behind the door
as he opens the door he witnesses a
group of demonic nuns with a hidden face
this terrifies him and he decides to
walk out of the room
however he hears the voice of irene
asking for help
this makes him go back despite being in
tears and terrified
then he proceeds to find irene in the
middle of the demonic nuns
in a few moments the demonic nuns walk
away and reveal irene in an unusual pose
after that he slowly removes the cloth
that hides irene's face
apparently irene is already possessed by
valik
then balak attacks him and calls him a
frenchman
in response frenchy hilariously tells
valik that he is french canadian and not
a frenchman
after that he instantly wipes the blood
of christ from the relic to the face of
irene
as a result the blood of christ removes
valic from irene
immediately phallic chokes frenchie
until he becomes unconscious
meanwhile balak also screams at irene
which makes her fly to a water pool
meanwhile father burke is running
towards irene in the hallway however a
snake from the demonic daniel chokes him
then as he grabs it a snake bites his
eyes
in the end he's able to escape from the
snake and he goes to irene at the water
pool
meanwhile the ugly face of alex slowly
emerges from the water
this makes irene tremble in fear
then in an instant valak drowns irene in
the water
in response father burke performs a
prayer to fight valik
however valak screams at him which makes
him fly away
meanwhile irene puts the blood of christ
from the relic in her mouth
then the moment valak holds her up she
spits blood onto the ugly face of alec
the blood of christ burns the ugly face
of valic which makes it even uglier
in the end the portal successfully drags
away valik
meanwhile irene is drowning underwater
immediately frenchie arrives to save her
however she is unconscious as frenchy
drags her from the water in response
frenchy performs mouth-to-mouth cpr on
irene in order to save her
after that irene gains consciousness
then frenchie apologizes to irene for
performing a tongue massage on her
it tells her that it is only a
non-hormone kiss in order to save her in
response irene thanks him for saving her
life
in the next scene father burke irene and
frenchie are about to leave the abbey
through a carriage
then as they are about to leave frenchie
puts his hands in his nape
in his nape there is an inverted cross
mark
in the end they proceed to leave the
abbey
the movie ends in a lecture room 20
years later
in the lecture the teacher shows footage
of an exorcism case
in the footage frenchie is seemingly
possessed by balak
additionally beside frenchie is lorraine
the protagonist from the conjuring films
the encounter of a possessed frenchie
and lorraine in the footage appears to
relate this film to the conjuring films
additionally balak is the demon that
haunts lorraine in the conjuring films
this means that this film explains the
origin of valak and also shows how it
reaches lorraine and her family in the
conjuring films
apparently balak is able to possess
frenchie during their encounter in the
abbey
it is no coincidence that frenchie is a
world traveler which allows valik to
reach a far away place
this means that in the end alex
successfully walks out of the confines
of the abbey cast evil in the world
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out